To install ssmtp:
-----------------

Check the options and directories in Makfile.

Then type:

	make

and finally install the files:

	make install

or to install it as the main Mail Transport Agent

	make install-sendmail

-- Hugo


Fedora Core 1 system install:
-----------------------------

I would actually just suggest the INSTALL from automake.  But:

If you are building sSMPT from scratch the following steps worked on a
Fedora Core 1 system.  To install it in the /usr/local directory:

        ./configure
        make
        make install

Then edit the ssmpt.conf file /usr/local/etc and create a symbolic
link from where your system thinks the sendmail binary goes to the
/usr/local/sbin/ssmpt executable.

-- Sven Heinicke <sven@nec-labs.com>


Information about the options:
------------------------------

  To install this program, you compile it with the correct options
and copy the binary.

  If you have more than one community which uses a given binary,
there is a small (3 line) config file that allows setting variables
that aren't static.
  These three are
	root: The person who gets root's mail (also daemons', etc).
		This userid (on the mailhub) get all mail sent to
		local adressees with userids less than 10.  In other
		words, she gets mail the system mails to root, daemon,
		etc.
	mailhub: The place where the mail goes.  This is looked up with
		gethostbyname, and so must resolve to an IP address. MX
		records don't count, as several vendors' machines that we
		run ssmtp on (notably suns) don't fully support them.
		They'd be nice, though...
	rewriteDomain: The place to say the mail came from. This is for
		hostname-hiding, and only applies if the programs is
		compiled with REWRITE_DOMAIN defined. We don't usually have
		to do so (our main mailhubs run zmailer: our clients run all
		sorts of junk).
	hostname: the Fully Qualified Domain Name of the machine, in case
		you have set hostname to the short form.

  The full set of options are discussed in the makefile, and briefly are the
type of machine to compile for, the place to send the mail and the domain to
rewrite to, if applicable.

  To make multiple versions I use symlink-trees and scripts that passes
options to the make command, then renames the binaries to things like
ssmtp.S4C-SunOS4.1.1...  I also can make DEC-style setld kits.

-- dave
